Introduce Policies-Service (#5716)
owncloud/ocis: changelog/unreleased/file-firewall.md

Enhancement: Introduce File-Firewall

> Introduces file-firewall service. The file-firewall service provides a new grpc api which can be used to find out whether a requested operation is allowed or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduces file-firewall service. The file-firewall service provides a new grpc api which can be used to return whether a requested operation is allowed or not.
```
The api returns a yes or a no
